chore: add changelog for release 1.29.1 (#935)
coder/docs: changelog/1.29.1.md

---
title: "1.29.1"
description: "Released on 04/05/2022"
---

### Breaking changes ❗

There are no breaking changes in 1.29.1.

### Features ✨

> - infra: added `CODER_MAX_WORKSPACES_PER_USER` environment variable that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- infra: added `CODER_MAX_WORKSPACES_PER_USER` environment variable on coderd that
```

  controls the maximum number of workspaces allowed to each user.

> - infra: forked `oauth1` package and added improved error messages to help debug
>   integration issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- infra: improved BitBucket server account linking errors to help debug integration issues.
```

- infra: updated Helm chart to allow the setting of arbitrary environment
  variables for `coderd` via the `coderd.extraEnvs` value.

> - infra: mounted additional NVIDIA GPI libraries from the host into the CVM

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- infra: mounted additional NVIDIA GPU libraries (in particular, GL/GLX libraries) from the host into CVMs if GPUs were requested
```

  inner container.

### Bug fixes 🐛

> - infra: remove workspaces v2 embed to patch migrations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- infra: remove embedded Coder v2 to fix migrations bugs on new deployments.
```

- infra: fixed scan error on metrics table caused by `float` being scanned as
  `int`.
- c4d: fixed issue where air-gapped Coder for Docker deployments were unable to

>   update admin configuration settings.

Reviewer: This applies to all coder deployments not just c4d I believe @Emyrk
